
Enter the number of disks for the Towers of Hanoi: 


calls: 1
disk moves: 0

Enter the number of disks for the Towers of Hanoi: 

move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower

calls: 3
disk moves: 1

Enter the number of disks for the Towers of Hanoi: 

move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 2 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower

calls: 7
disk moves: 3

Enter the number of disks for the Towers of Hanoi: 

move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 2 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 1 from The Right Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 3 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 2 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower

calls: 15
disk moves: 7

Enter the number of disks for the Towers of Hanoi: 

move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 2 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 3 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 1 from The Right Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 2 from The Right Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 4 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 2 from The Middle Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 1 from The Right Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 3 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 2 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower

calls: 31
disk moves: 15

Enter the number of disks for the Towers of Hanoi: 

move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 2 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 1 from The Right Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 3 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 2 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 4 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 1 from The Right Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 2 from The Right Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 3 from The Right Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 2 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 1 from The Right Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 5 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 2 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 3 from The Middle Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 1 from The Right Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 2 from The Right Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 4 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 2 from The Left Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 1 from The Right Tower to The Middle Tower
move disk 3 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Middle Tower to The Left Tower
move disk 2 from The Middle Tower to The Right Tower
move disk 1 from The Left Tower to The Right Tower

calls: 63
disk moves: 31
